README.md, before:

# Long-Activity5
A notebook containing the source code for my conclusions may be found here: https://github.com/013786/Long-Activity5/blob/main/analysis.ipynb
Summary of Findings: 
  I decided to take a look at Coffeehouse coupon data.  I began by looking at overall acceptance rate which was right at 50%.  From there, I decided to start
  looking at how to segment the data to identify trends.  The categories I decided to consider where the number of visits, income, work location (I grouped into office vs non-office jobs),
  whether kids were in the car, and temperature.  

  To identify some initial areas to investigate further I looked at acceptance rates across the groups.  The highest acceptance rate came from drivers who already visited coffee shops on a
  regular basis.  This makes sense - if there is already an established habit, why not save some money in the process.  One interesting finding was that acceptance rate among infrequent
  coffeeshop visitors (<1/month or never) was 35%.

Commit message:

Updated README.md with additional summary & conclusion

README.md, after:

# Long-Activity5
A notebook containing the source code for my conclusions may be found here: https://github.com/013786/Long-Activity5/blob/main/analysis.ipynb

I decided to look at Coffeehouse coupons

Problem - Looking at a combination of contextual attributes and user attributes, identify a group with a high acceptance rate of coupons while using at least 3 limiting criteria.

Summary of Findings: 
  I started by investigating Coffeehouse coupon data.  To do that, I began by looking at overall acceptance rate which was right at 50%.  From there, I decided to start
  looking at how to segment the data to identify trends.  The categories I decided to consider where the number of visits, income, work location (I grouped into office vs non-office jobs),
  whether kids were in the car, and temperature.  

  To identify some initial areas to investigate further I looked at acceptance rates across the groups.  The highest acceptance rate (66%)came from drivers who already visited coffee shops on a
  regular basis.  This makes sense - if there is already an established habit, why not save some money in the process.  One interesting finding was that acceptance rate among infrequent
  coffeeshop visitors (<1/month or never) was 35%. 

  As I looked at the data, I ended up looking at a grouping of frequent visitors.  I made assumptions about how I would expect acceptance rates to change if I adjusted temp/kids/income/if they had an office job. My conclusion is that I was a terrible guesser and should let the data speak for itseld!  I noticed a real increase in acceptance below $50k vs above, same with an increase for non-office workers.

  Some next steps would be to look at how distance impacted acceptance, digging deeper into the reasoning behind a 35% acceptance rate for people who don't frequent coffeehouses, and also a look at use across all coupon types for drivers that don't typically go to one of the business types on a regular basis - great to reward frequent customers but is there additional revenue they can capture in new customers.
